I'm still gonna go ahead and move on
with our career next level you have the
Charlotte Bobcats I still understand why
I'm sitting next to fry why am i next to
change fry are there like no other seats
available but here we go
obviously we are on the bench still
bench players are talking like starters
and probably the guys I'm gonna be going
up against in this game Kemba Walker so
here we go now I'm gonna start off the
game put up the Mutombo fingers cuz we
just got it unlocked and that is all
because probably because of my vertical
actually no we worked on that in a last
episode alongside my shooting so here is
Tucker left wide open and that is a rare
scene right there I mean he misses his
shots a lot on this team and I'm glad he
made that one because he gave me an
assist Here I am shot look for another
one it is Tucker once again maybe it's
cuz I'm down talking on I don't know
what it is but he's making his shots
today
McRoberts trying to put up a layup on
the tray and I blocked got my second
block and I never thought I would ever
get a block in my career but here I am
getting two blocks and in the first half
six points three assists and one rebound
make that for a sixth as we are headed
now into the second half great look and
yeah they decided to you know going to
the half time with the score all knotted
up really now as we went into the second
half I checked in late here in the third
quarter and I know for a fact I had to
you know do crazy stuff here because we
were down by a lot and what do you know
it we came back it is not any 281 but
with this three-pointer right here I
finally gave the Phoenix Suns the lead
all we have to do now is hang on to it
but we got a lot of bats water but we
got 10 minutes right here so we don't
know what's gonna happen but let's see
just to get my Walker right here drew
that minutes in the books you're playing
pretty slow pace right here and they
turned the ball over Here I am
go up for a contact layup and I convert
so we're now on 11 injury run here comes
Jefferson with his jump shot misses we
have a four-point lead I'm looking
extended Gerald Green go up there and
get it look at Gerald Green my goodness
surprised the basket did not come down
but here is Kevin Walker and he's doing
a spin move he loses the ball I'm right
there that was a nice dunk as well I
don't know if that was as great as
Cheryl green but it was worthy of a slam
cam look at that so we're losing once
again but it is only by one point here
coming gerald Henderson that
three-pointer does not go down but look
at the Charlotte Bobcats they get yet
another rebound we're gonna try to reset
and give it to Jefferson and Jefferson
shot does go down so the second-chance
opportunities we have to cut down on
those the Tyler Zeller oh my he fix it
and he does a turnaround jump shot and
toddler arrested Cory Zeller I'm mixing
it up but konidela has 21 points in his
game that tells you the defense that
we're playing and here comes Shannon
Brown
give me that assist thank you it's only
a four-point game
Yap take advantage of every single
possession I get blocked Hey okay I'm
gonna swipe I do get a steal there you
go Alex rule and end up hate so dude
that was a close one
I got blocked but luckily I redeem
myself I got to steal I fed the ball to
alex landed Here I am with the
three-pointer did you see my body
animation right there as I just got
through it out that was pretty nice
right there so we're only down by one
jumper some misses here we go let's so
look I know you're a starting point
guard but you gotta trust me right here
but
see I don't get that animation right
there at all look at gerald Henderson
finishing on the other way with a done
so we're not looking so good right here
down by three Shannon Brown use it right
back to me oh I'm gonna pump big stuff
back in the third point it is up it's
good with 16 seconds left so I don't
know what the Bobcats are gonna do right
here I don't know if they're gonna hold
the ball but maybe at the Jefferson a
knee puts up a shot it so all right
let's go let's go five seconds left oh I
could give it to Alex Lynn but I get
stopped I almost tripped
Eric black so shot does not go down
Sultan we are headed into overtime
things are getting crazy right now and
hopefully I'm gonna start in the
overtime period let's see what's gonna
happen so we do go ahead and start over
Tom I'm not in the game but when I did
check in you guys see there's about 40
seconds left and we're down by two so
that's not good and that right there is
not good either illegal screen i
partially could have been locked fall
but all we have to do now is get a stop
look at Jefferson and he misses the
thing got a rebound ah here we go
8 seconds left should I go for the win
we're playing hot potato right here I
don't know why they're giving it right
back to me 2 seconds left I go for the
game-winner and this
is off so I didn't pull off a pretty
good performance and it take the teams
to overtime but couldn't pull away here
well this was a game where you guys
seemed to have a distinct advantage
inside how do you evaluate how well the
team played as a whole
we're making the state nor they made us
faith but I'm just getting on the ball
inside and
you've always got to play through your
mistakes it'll turn around eventually
out thanks for the time so after the
game coach does want me in his office
this is the same old stuff you guys have
seen it you really picked up your level
of play recently of course I tend to get
you out there more next game and I
thought you'd like to know all right so
our minutes are gonna be going up let's
see what it's up to and it's 28 so I
think I got one extra minute now we are
only about 6 minutes away from tying
eric bledsoe
so let's see what's gonna happen guys
haven't followed me on twitter be sure
to follow me twitter.com slash onto the
boss once you guys follow me I'll keep
you guys updated when I'll be uploading
all my videos what are you waiting for